Changes to Get started with WebView2 in HoloLens 2 Unity apps (#2)
michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/hololens2.md

**Unity**, a versatile game engine, is a popular choice for creating 3D applications, including mixed reality experiences for HoloLens 2 devices, due to its extensive features and robust capabilities for augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), and mixed reality (MR).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
###### Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRFT)

> The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRTK)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add Mixed Reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. A manifest file is a JSON file defining all of your project's packages. Once you've validated the packages to be included, the Mixed Reality Feature tool will automatically download them into your selected Unity project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRFT)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add Mixed Reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. A manifest file is a JSON file defining all of your project's packages. Once you've validated the packages to be included, the Mixed Reality Feature Tool will automatically download them into your selected Unity project.
```
maybe add this point that got dropped:
```
Installs the **Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK)** and the **Microsoft Mixed Reality WebView plugin for Unity**.
```

> The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRTK)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add Mixed Reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. A manifest file is a JSON file defining all of your project's packages. Once you've validated the packages to be included, the Mixed Reality Feature tool will automatically download them into your selected Unity project.

Reviewer: @RobertVS-MS @michaelfarnsworth -- i'm checking this .md to confirm:
* generic industry tech:   mixed reality -- lowercase.
* specific product or product line:  Microsoft Mixed Reality -- uppercase.

Is this instance that i changed, more referring to general industry technology, or to Microsoft product(s)/packages?

see [other comment](https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/pull/2/files#r1190251724) for more context/example.

```suggestion
The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRTK)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add mixed reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. A manifest file is a JSON file defining all of your project's packages. Once you've validated the packages to be included, the Mixed Reality Feature tool will automatically download them into your selected Unity project.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd say this is more of a product-specific reference.

> The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRTK)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add Mixed Reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. If you've never worked with a manifest file before, it's a JSON file containing all your projects packages. Once you've validated the packages you want, the Mixed Reality Feature tool will download them into the project of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Mixed Reality Feature Tool (MRTK)** is a new way for developers to discover, update, and add Mixed Reality feature packages into Unity projects. You can search packages by name or category, see their dependencies, and even view proposed changes to your projects manifest file before importing. A manifest file is a JSON file containing all your project's packages. Once you've validated the packages you want, the Mixed Reality Feature tool will download them into the project of your choice.
```

Reviewer: "containing" is not precise.  "defining", "specifying"

Reviewer: latest Files Changed tab shows this change so you can Resolve this comment thread

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Step 1 - Install Unity and Visual Studio

Reviewer 2: Why remove the reference to installing Unity here?

Author: Our original "Install the tools" doc requires about 3-4 deep links of clicking and leaves a lot of opportunity for a developer to go down the wrong path.   So moving the explicit setup into "Step 2" by guiding them directly to the "Setup Unity + MRTK + OpenXR" doc is a lot more guidance to keep them from getting into a bad place.   I've removed some of the more explicit references to install Unity

Reviewer: Separate dedicated major Step sections for each tool fits w/ latest approach in the GetStart / Samples articles.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 2 - Set up Unity for HoloLens 2 development

> Before you can start developing a HoloLens 2 app with WebView2, you will need to install Unity.  Follow the steps in [Choosing a Unity version and XR plugin](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/choosing-unity-version) to complete installation of the toolset needed to build Mixed Reality applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can start developing a HoloLens 2 app with WebView2, you will need to install Unity.  Follow the steps in [Choosing a Unity version and XR plugin](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/choosing-unity-version) to complete installation of the toolset that's needed to build mixed reality applications.
```
lowercased mixed reality assuming we're talking about general industry tech rather than Microsoft's products specifically.
Might be able to follow cap'zn pattern that's at
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/

"that's":
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/t/that-vs-which -- "Include _that_ even if the sentence is clear without it. It helps to clarify the sentence structure."
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with -- "In instructions or technical content, use _by using_ or _that use_ to eliminate ambiguity."

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for Mixed Reality development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for mixed reality development
```
if the meaning here is more "general industry tech" instead of "specifically Microsoft products"

Might be able to follow cap'zn pattern that's at
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/

Reviewer 2: This one could probably go either way. I lean towards product specific in this context.

> ## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for Mixed Reality development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for mixed reality development
```
If the meaning here is more "general industry tech" instead of "specifically Microsoft products"

> ## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for Mixed Reality development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3 - Configure the Unity project for mixed reality development
```
If the meaning here is more "general industry tech" instead of "specifically Microsoft products"

Reviewer: dup comment, tried to delete it.  GH PR having repaint/update issues.

> Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.  
```

Remove extra 'the'.

Reviewer: the Comment is Outdated, which means the surrounding listing is outdated.

latest Files Changed tab:
https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/pull/2/files --
Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project. The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the Mixed Reality Toolkit in your project.

so this conversation can be Resolved

> Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.
```
* the the
* trimmed 2 trailing spaces which means linebreak in Markdown

> Once you have your tools installed, you are ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to utilize the the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your tools installed, you're ready to create and configure your project.   The easiest way to get started with HoloLens 2 development is to use the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) in your project.  
```
prefer contraction per brand voice, except when need sep. words for emph.

> The Mixed Reality Feature Tool simplifies the process of discovering, installing, and managing Mixed Reality features, including the Mixed Reality Toolkit, and packages for your Unity project. For more guidance on installing the Mixed Reality Feature Tool, see [Welcome to the Mixed Reality Feature Tool](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/welcome-to-mr-feature-tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mixed Reality Feature Tool simplifies the process of discovering, installing, and managing mixed reality features, including the Mixed Reality Toolkit, and packages for your Unity project. For more guidance on installing the Mixed Reality Feature Tool, see [Welcome to the Mixed Reality Feature Tool](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/welcome-to-mr-feature-tool).
```

1. First, [Download the Mixed Reality Feature Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=102778) from the Microsoft Download Center.   

1. Run the downloaded Mixed Reality Feature Tool executable, and follow the prompts to install the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) and any additional required packages for HoloLens 2 development.

>    The Mixed Reality Feature Tool allows you to select and install the appropriate versions of the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK), along with other Mixed Reality features, directly into your Unity project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Mixed Reality Feature Tool allows you to select and install the appropriate versions of the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK), along with other mixed reality features, directly into your Unity project.
```
if the meaning here is more "general industry tech" instead of "specifically Microsoft products"
Might be able to follow cap'zn pattern that's at
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/

Reviewer 2: Product specific

For a detailed step-by-step walkthrough of configuring the Unity project, see [Set up a new OpenXR project with MRTK](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/new-openxr-project-with-mrtk).

> After you've used the Mixed Reality Feature Tool to install the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK), the MRTK assets and prefabs will appear in your Unity project and the MRTK will guide you through configuring the Open XR plugin for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've used the Mixed Reality Feature Tool to install the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK), the MRTK assets and prefabs will appear in your Unity project. The MRTK will guide you through configuring the Open XR plugin for your project.
```
broke up sentence per distinct ideas

Now that the WebView plugin for Unity is installed and imported, set up the WebView2 prefab in your Unity scene, as follows:

1. In the Unity Editor, navigate to the **Project** window, and then find the WebView2 prefab by going to **Packages** > **Microsoft Mixed Reality WebView (Preview)** > **Runtime** > **Prefab**.

1. Drag the WebView2 prefab into your scene.

1. With the WebView2 prefab selected in the **Hierarchy** window, move it to a suitable starting location within the scene (such as under the `MixedRealitySceneContent` node), making sure it's in view of the default camera.

1. In the **Inspector** window, you can change the initial URL that's loaded by the WebView2 prefab. To do this, locate the **Current URL** text box, and then enter the desired URL. By default, the prefab loads `https://www.microsoft.com`:

   ![The Current URL input field for WebView prefab in Unity's Inspector](./hololens2-images/unity_inspector_change_url.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 6 - Test the project

> Now that you have added the WebView plugin to the scene, it would be a good time to test your project.   You can test the project directly in the editor, or you can follow these steps to [Build and deploy to the HoloLens](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/build-and-deploy-to-hololens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have added the WebView plugin to the scene, it would be a good time to test your project.  You can test the project directly in the editor, or you can follow these steps to [Build and deploy to the HoloLens](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/build-and-deploy-to-hololens).
```

> Now that you have added the WebView plugin to the scene, it would be a good time to test your project.  You can test the project directly in the editor, or you can follow these steps to [Build and deploy to the HoloLens](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/build-and-deploy-to-hololens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've added the WebView plugin to the scene, it's a good time to test your project.  Either test the project directly in the editor, or [Build and deploy to the HoloLens](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/build-and-deploy-to-hololens).
```
contraction per brand voice except where emphasis is needed via separate words

kept a balance of casual but still giving clear directions/injunctions

Reviewer: @RobertVS-MS - where does one find instructions on how to "test the project directly in the editor"?  clear enough here?   can we put some numbered action steps & results in this section?

Author: I provided you a picture that you can use here

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 7 - Extending WebView2 functionality

> While the prefab exposes just a single property, there is more functionality exposed on the `WebView` script. Let's take a look at exposing some of this functionality in our project.  First, we recommend reviewing the `WebView` script to get an idea of what's available.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the prefab exposes just a single property, there's additional functionality exposed on the `WebView` script. Let's take a look at exposing some of this functionality in our project.  First, inspect the `WebView` script to get an idea of what's available.  
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/w/while - "Don't use [_while_] as a synonym for _although_"

> [!TIP]

> > To view the contents of a script in your default code editor, double click the name of the script in the **Inspector** window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To view the contents of a script in your default code editor, double-click the name of the script in the **Inspector** window.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/d/double-click-double-clicking

> Now that you've reviewed the `WebView` code, let's extend the functionality of our sample. In the remainder of this step, we will add some basic functionality so that the user will have a back button, a go button, and a text field to navigate to a custom URL.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've reviewed the `WebView` code, let's extend the functionality of the sample. In the rest of this step, we'll add some basic functionality so that the user will have a **Back** button, a **Go** button, and a text field to navigate to a custom URL.
```

   ![The current scene in Unity's Scene view](./hololens2-images/unity_completed_scene.png)

> Now that we have our UI designed, we will now create the code to hook up the buttons.  To do that, we'll create a new script that derives from `WebView`.

Reviewer: checking accurate API type name:
derives from `WebView2`?  
derives from `IWebView`?  
derives from `Microsoft.MixedReality.WebView`?

gh rendered:
https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/blob/user/RobertVS-MS/WV2-HoloLens-GettingStarted/microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/hololens2.md

Reviewer 2: Microsoft.MixedReality.WebView

1. In the **Inspector** window for WebView, click **Add Component**, select **New script**, type **WebViewBrowser**, and then click **Create and add**. Your new component is added to the **Inspector** window.

1. In the **Inspector** window, double-click the `WebViewBrowser` script, to edit the script.

1. Replace the contents of that file with the following code:

   ```C#
   using Microsoft.MixedReality.WebView;
   using UnityEngine.UI;
   using UnityEngine;
   using TMPro;
   using System;

>    public class WebViewBrowser: MonoBehaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   public class WebViewBrowser : MonoBehaviour
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/tutorials/inheritance#background-what-is-inheritance

                  // Update the Back button's enabled state based on whether there's any history to go back to
                  history.CanGoBackUpdated += CanGoBack;
               }

               // Add an event listener for the Go button to load the URL that was entered in the input field
               GoButton.onClick.AddListener(() => webView.Load(new Uri(URLField.text)));

               // Subscribe to the Navigated event to update the URL input field whenever a navigation occurs
               webView.Navigated += OnNavigated;

               // Set the initial value of the URL input field to the current URL of the WebView
               if (webView.Page != null)
               {
                  URLField.text = webView.Page.AbsoluteUri;
               }
         });
      }

      // Update the URL input field with the new path after navigation
      private void OnNavigated(string path)
      {
         URLField.text = path;
      }

      // Enable or disable the Back button based on whether there's any history to go back to
      private void CanGoBack(bool value)
      {
         BackButton.enabled = value;
      }
   }
   ```

> 1. Connect the UI GameObjects to the WebViewBrowser code that we just wrote:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect the UI `GameObjects` to the `WebViewBrowser` code that we just wrote:
```

>    1. Select the WebViewBrowser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Select the **WebViewBrowser**.
```
if context is more clicking UI, bold.
if context is more code editor, backticks.
or: the WebView Browser

   1. Drag **Back Button** from the Hierarchy pane into the **Back Button** variable field for the WebView Browser in the Inspector.
   1. Drag **Go Button** from the Hierarchy pane into the **Go Button** variable field for the WebView Browser in the Inspector:

   ![The WebView Browser Prefab with assigned variables in Unity's Inspector](./hololens2-images/unity_webview_connect_prefabs.png)

1. You can now test the scene in the Unity Editor. With everything wired up in your scene, you should be able to verify that everything is working as expected. Try testing out the scene by entering a new URL into the `AddressField` text box (must be a full URL including the protocol), then pressing the **Go** button. Make sure the **Back** button works as well.
    

>     It can sometimes be helpful to debug your application running on your HoloLens, and the steps to do so are slightly different than standard debugging within Visual Studio.   Look at the [Managed debugging with Unity](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/managed-debugging-with-unity-il2cpp) article for more information on how to setup and connect to your application running on the HoloLens or inside of the Unity editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It can sometimes be helpful to debug your application running on your HoloLens, and the steps to do so are slightly different than standard debugging within Visual Studio.  For more information on how to set up and connect to your application running on the HoloLens or inside of the Unity editor, see [Managed debugging with Unity](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/managed-debugging-with-unity-il2cpp).
```
within a list, must align starting column consistently.
reversed sentence with link, per std pattern

   ![The current scene in Unity's Scene view](./hololens2-images/unity_completed_scene.png)

> Now that we have our UI designed, we will now create the code to hook up the buttons.  To do that, we'll create a new script that derives from `Microsoft.MixedReality.WebView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Add code to hook up buttons

Now that we have our UI designed, we will now create the code to hook up the buttons.  To do that, we'll create a new script that derives from `Microsoft.MixedReality.WebView`.
```
the numbering restarts at 1 here.  it's a long list of steps.  need to break up by adding heading.
Check doc-design: gh rendered (smaller headings than doc site):
https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/blob/user/RobertVS-MS/WV2-HoloLens-GettingStarted/microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/hololens2.md#step-7---extending-webview2-functionality

Ideally, might need additional h4 subheadings somewhere eg below the above h2 heading (above that minor step 1).

Reviewer: in the other PR, will add h4 headings:

```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Add the input field and buttons

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Add code to hook up the buttons
```

* **Performance**: Complex websites with heavy use of JavaScript or advanced rendering may impact system performance or the host application's framerate. For general performance-related limitations and recommendations, see [Understanding performance for mixed reality](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/advanced-concepts/understanding-performance-for-mixed-reality) in the Mixed Reality documentation. Also see [Performance optimization](#performance-optimization), below.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Performance optimization

Optimizing the performance of WebView2 in your HoloLens 2 Unity app is crucial for a smooth user experience. Here are some recommendations:

* **Limit the number of WebView2 instances**: We suggest using only one instance of WebView2 within a Unity app. Reuse the same instance or tear down and create a new one as needed. Keep in mind that removing the WebView prefab from the scene might not destroy the underlying WebView2 instance. You must call the `Destroy()` method on the game object to destroy it properly.

> * **Apply general Unity optimization techniques**: Utilize standard Unity optimization methods, such as occlusion culling or limiting the update rate, to improve WebView2 performance. For more information, see [Performance recommendations for Unity](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/performance-recommendations-for-unity?tabs=openxr) in the Mixed Reality documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Apply general Unity optimization techniques**: To optimize WebView2 performance, use the standard Unity optimization approaches, such as occlusion culling or limiting the update rate. For more information, see [Performance recommendations for Unity](/windows/mixed-reality/develop/unity/performance-recommendations-for-unity?tabs=openxr) in the Mixed Reality documentation.
```
Utilize -> simpler 'use'
method -> approach, to differentiate API method
improve -> more positive "optimize"
std seq:  To accomplish X, do Y.

* **Profile and monitor WebView2 performance**: There are several ways to profile the performance of a HoloLens 2 Unity application:

  * **Unity Profiler**: A built-in tool in Unity that allows you to measure and optimize the performance of your application on various platforms, including HoloLens 2.

  * **Visual Profiler**: A feature of the Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) that provides an in-application view of your application's performance.

  * **PIX**: A performance tuning and debugging tool for Windows that can also be used to profile Unity applications on HoloLens 2.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Navigation

> In Step 7, we touched on some navigation methods. In this section, we'll expand on what we learned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Step 7 - Extending WebView2 functionality](#step-7---extending-webview2-functionality) step, we touched on some navigation methods. In this section, we'll expand on what we learned.
```
Avoid depending only on plain-text number of a major Step.  Instead, use an anchor link: the doc build system will alert you when it gets outdated.

Step 7 - Extending WebView2 functionality

gh rendered section in this branch:
https://github.com/michaelfarnsworth/edge-developer/blob/user/RobertVS-MS/WV2-HoloLens-GettingStarted/microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/hololens2.md#step-7---extending-webview2-functionality

> In the [Step 7 - Extending WebView2 functionality](#step-7---extending-webview2-functionality) step, we touched on some navigation methods. In this section, we'll expand on what we learned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Step 7 - Extending WebView2 functionality](#step-7---extending-webview2-functionality), we touched on some navigation methods. In this section, we'll expand on what we learned.
```

> <!-- ---------- -->

Reviewer: line ~514:

```
#### Input

There are various ways to handle input in Unity for Mixed Reality applications.
```
probably lowercase it:
There are various ways to handle input in Unity for mixed reality applications.
